hey everybody's go killer 107 with the
well no one's here well as the a srt
account and just a little bit of game
review about the battlefield 4 i love
the game um it's very good yeah i just
love the game it is something Oh didn't
give me my stuff what the hell i will be
getting my stuff okay so um I have I
want that I'll get that okay I have
something to say about battlefield 4 now
daring the mission um what was it let me
see shanghai yeah i thought it was saved
up shanghai okay during a shanghai when
you first start the mission alright you
start the mission and they be in the car
the van the white van they're in the
white van and they're driving and you
see the dinosaur ornament now people
think maybe think I'm crazy but as you
scroll down there's a spot missing look
there should be a spot right here they
would not leave it blank for no reason I
don't know if if you have premium
there's some kind of like premium thing
right there or if they're going to bring
cert rent a server but I think they're
going to bring Dino mode there and if
they do bring Dinah mode there it's
going to be nice now if they don't bring
dynamo there I think they should bring
sir tom rent a server back because rent
a server they made such a good profit
off of that they made so much money off
of that it's unreal they should bring
rented
rent a server back but in the comment
section below do you say that you think
it's going to be dynamo door rent a
server or something else and I really
think that's it what's this let's just
see what's in here to a girly access
battlepacks what 12 bonus battlepacks
new content every week not yes i want
that i will be getting that beautiful
alright
start a tipster
oh yeah and um another thing if you
thought China on saying goes Shanghai
and all the Chinese things that's not
Chinese expansion pack china china
rising i think china rising is going to
have a forest map i really hope they
bring a forest map in it i think that'd
be so good for snipers because if they
bring out a forest for smack for snipers
snipers would be oh my god cybers would
be excellent a lot of this stuff look at
all these battles
wow I bet that battle pack you know what
I bet in that battle pack I bet that
battle pack of right there i put the
heads everything in the game right there
a beautiful looking thing alright so i
guess that's it I just wanted to put it
out there ok ok I just wanted to put it
out there that um that I think it might
be dynamo going there or around the
server so like I said comments that
comment in the section below if you
think it's a bead on a mode of rent
server or anything else alright thanks
for watching see you next time